0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

0-currentworkingdirectory-This is an executable file created to print out my current working directory
1-listit - This executable file prints the list of all the content of the directory
2-bringmehome - This file changes the directory to the home directory
3-listfiles - This file lists the content of the directory in a long list
4-listmorefiles - This file list the hidden content of the directory and everythin present in a long list
5-listfilesdigitonly - This display the content in a group accordingly.
6-firstdirectory - This makes a directory in the tmp directory
8-firstdelete - This delete the folder betty from myfirst directory
9-firstdirdeletion - This delete the directory
10-back - This returns the directory back to the previous directory
11-lists - This list the (a - hidden,. - current, .. - parent, /boot directories all in a l - list)
12-filetype  - This prints the type of file
13-symboliclink-This creates a link with another file name
14-copyhtml - This copy all the html files from current directory to parent
100-letsmove - This moves all the files (upper case) to a directory i temp

Commit message:

This deletes all filesthat ends with ~

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

0-currentworkingdirectory-This is an executable file created to print out my current working directory
1-listit - This executable file prints the list of all the content of the directory
2-bringmehome - This file changes the directory to the home directory
3-listfiles - This file lists the content of the directory in a long list
4-listmorefiles - This file list the hidden content of the directory and everythin present in a long list
5-listfilesdigitonly - This display the content in a group accordingly.
6-firstdirectory - This makes a directory in the tmp directory
8-firstdelete - This delete the folder betty from myfirst directory
9-firstdirdeletion - This delete the directory
10-back - This returns the directory back to the previous directory
11-lists - This list the (a - hidden,. - current, .. - parent, /boot directories all in a l - list)
12-filetype  - This prints the type of file
13-symboliclink-This creates a link with another file name
14-copyhtml - This copy all the html files from current directory to parent
100-letsmove - This moves all the files (upper case) to a directory i temp
101-cleanemacs -This deletes all the files that ends with the symbol~
